---
layout: default
title: Tutorials
has_children: true
nav_order: 2
---

# Tupelo Tutorials

In support of helping Developers get started we have created a series of
tutorials. We start with the most simple and get progressively more
sophisticated.

***

## Hello Decentralized World

The obligatory first tutorial is the "Hello World" app. For this project it is a
little more appropriate than most, as we will be creating a message and getting
it signed by the Tupelo Network. We are actually saying "Hello" to this new
decentralized "World."

This should only take a few minutes and we will have a Chain-Tree that contains
immutable proof that we said Hello to the Tupelo World on this day.

[Hello Decentralized World Tutorial](/tutorials/hello_world){: .btn .btn-green .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 }

***
## Simple IoT Sensor

One of the use cases that Tupelo excels at is interacting with IoT sensors. This
is because Tupelo models "things" and can easily record the data generated by
those things. The detectors in question can even even transferred from owner to
owner as the item being monitored moves through a supply chain.

This is all accomplished **WITHOUT** a smart contract!

[IoT Sensor Tutorial](#getting-started){: .btn .btn-green .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 }

***
## Multi-Part Scooter Application
This tutorial covers multiple aspects of how Tupelo can be used to run an entire
Scooter renting app enabling the exploration of different ways it can be used.

Part One covers inventory and location<br>
Part Two covers user identity and payment<br>
Part Three covers interacting with the scooter (including when offline)<br>
Part Four covers limited views for regulators<br>
Part Five covers central company operations<br>
